Update README.md for more explicit value on first glance (#128)
kurtosis-tech/awesome-kurtosis: chainlink-node/README.md

Chainlink node
==============

> This package starts a Chainlink node, linked into a local multi-client Ethereum testnet. Modifying `args.json` on startup allows end-users to optionally link their Chainlink node into any other network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This package starts a Chainlink node, a local multi-client Ethereum testnet, and connects the two. Modifying `args.json` on startup allows end-users to optionally link their Chainlink node into any other network (e.g. Goerli, Sepolia via a node provider like Alchemy)
```
